
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                   32985000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131666                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 774324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   151926                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              486791079                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        8909                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         10292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000033                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    32985000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.committedInsts                      8909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                       10292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.cpi                             7.404871                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu00.discardedOps                        1804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu00.idleCycles                         48719                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu00.ipc                             0.135046                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu00.numCycles                          65970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::IntAlu                  7128     69.26%     69.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::IntMult                   48      0.47%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc             21      0.20%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::MemRead                 1483     14.41%     84.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::MemWrite                1612     15.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class_0::total                  10292                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.tickCycles                         17251                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  13                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu01.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu01.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu01.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu01.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu02.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu02.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu02.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu02.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu03.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu03.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu03.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu03.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu04.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu04.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu04.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu04.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu05.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu05.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu05.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu05.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu06.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu06.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu06.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu06.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu07.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu07.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu07.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu07.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu08.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu08.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu08.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu08.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu09.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu09.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu09.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu09.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu10.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu10.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu10.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu10.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.cpi                                  inf                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu11.discardedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu11.idleCycles                             0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu11.ipc                             0.000000                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu11.numCycles                              2                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numFetchSuspends                       0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.op_class_0::No_OpClass                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::IntAlu                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::IntMult                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::IntDiv                     0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatAdd                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatCmp                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatMult                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatDiv                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatMisc                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdMult                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdShift                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdDiv                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdAes                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                 0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::MemRead                    0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::MemWrite                   0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::IprAccess                  0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::InstPrefetch               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class_0::total                      0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.tickCycles                             2                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           716                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                   3186                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted             2094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                1487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                    660                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            44.384667                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASUsed                    282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups            151                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                29                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses             122                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMispredicted           63                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu00.data         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total            3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu00.data         3073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total           3073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu00.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu00.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     12606500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12606500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     12606500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12606500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu00.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu00.data         3285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.061501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.064536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 63032.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63032.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 59464.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59464.622642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      9306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     10350500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10350500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.046740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.049011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 61226.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61226.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 64288.819876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64288.819876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu00.data         1597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu00.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      6275500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6275500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu00.data         1694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.057261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 64695.876289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64695.876289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      5502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.052538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 61820.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61820.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu00.data         1455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu00.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      6331000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6331000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu00.data         1558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.066110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 61466.019417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61466.019417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      3804500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3804500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.040436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 60388.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60388.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu00.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu00.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu00.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.363636                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      1044000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1044000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data       116000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       116000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           94.272550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               3270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.310559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           145000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu00.data    94.272550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu00.data     0.092063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.092063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.155273                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             6803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses            6803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.fetch2.intInstructions               9233                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu0.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu0.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu0.fetch2.loadInstructions              2111                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu0.fetch2.storeInstructions             1270                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu0.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu00.inst         3313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            3313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu00.inst         3313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           3313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     21691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     21691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu00.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu00.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.104837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.104837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 55905.927835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55905.927835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 55905.927835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55905.927835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     21303500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21303500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     21303500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21303500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.104837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.104837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 54905.927835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54905.927835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 54905.927835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54905.927835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu00.inst         3313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           3313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     21691500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21691500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu00.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.104837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 55905.927835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55905.927835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     21303500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21303500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.104837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 54905.927835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54905.927835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          149.521542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               3701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.538660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu00.inst   149.521542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu00.inst     0.584069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.584069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.thread_0.numInsts                    8909                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu0.thread_0.numOps                     10292                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu0.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu1.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu1.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu1.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu1.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu1.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu1.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu1.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASUsed                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASIncorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.fetch2.intInstructions                 0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu10.fetch2.fpInstructions                  0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu10.fetch2.vecInstructions                 0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu10.fetch2.loadInstructions                0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu10.fetch2.storeInstructions               0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu10.fetch2.amoInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.thread_0.numInsts                      0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu10.thread_0.numOps                        0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu10.thread_0.numMemRefs                    0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASUsed                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASIncorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.fetch2.intInstructions                 0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu11.fetch2.fpInstructions                  0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu11.fetch2.vecInstructions                 0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu11.fetch2.loadInstructions                0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu11.fetch2.storeInstructions               0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu11.fetch2.amoInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.thread_0.numInsts                      0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu11.thread_0.numOps                        0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu11.thread_0.numMemRefs                    0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu2.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu2.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu2.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu2.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu2.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu2.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu2.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu3.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu3.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu3.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu3.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu3.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu3.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu3.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu4.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu4.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu4.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu4.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu4.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu4.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu4.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu4.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu5.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu5.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu5.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu5.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu5.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu5.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu5.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu5.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu6.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu6.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu6.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu6.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu6.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu6.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu6.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu6.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu6.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu6.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu6.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu6.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu6.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu6.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu6.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu6.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu6.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu6.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu6.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu7.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu7.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu7.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu7.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu7.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu7.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu7.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu7.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu7.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu7.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu7.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu7.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu7.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu7.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu7.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu7.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu7.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu7.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu7.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu8.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu8.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu8.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu8.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu8.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu8.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu8.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu8.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu8.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu8.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu8.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu8.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu8.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu8.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu8.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu8.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu8.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu8.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu8.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu8.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu9.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu9.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu9.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu9.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu9.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu9.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu9.branchPred.RASUsed                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu9.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu9.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu9.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu9.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu9.branchPred.indirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.fetch2.intInstructions                  0                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu9.fetch2.fpInstructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu9.fetch2.vecInstructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu9.fetch2.loadInstructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu9.fetch2.storeInstructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu9.fetch2.amoInstructions                  0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu9.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu9.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu9.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu00.inst::samples       364.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu00.data::samples       160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000030580750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                1201                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                122                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         549                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        161                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       549                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      161                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     25                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      16.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   549                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  161                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      62.875000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     34.638310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    105.609033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31             6     75.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             1     12.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.237309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.707107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                7     87.50%     87.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1     12.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   35136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                10304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1065.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    312.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      32976500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      46445.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu00.inst        23296                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu00.data        10240                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteBytes::.writebacks         8320                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu00.inst 706260421.403668403625                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu00.data 310444141.276337742805                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteRate::.writebacks 252235864.787024438381                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu00.inst          388                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu00.data          161                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks          161                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu00.inst      9122750                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu00.data      5240250                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteTotalLat::.writebacks    458262750                       # Per-requestor write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu00.inst     23512.24                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu00.data     32548.14                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2846352.48                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu00.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu00.data        10304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total         35136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu00.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::total           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu00.inst          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu00.data          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total            549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::.writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::total             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu00.inst    752827043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu00.data    312384417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total       1065211460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu00.inst    752827043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total    752827043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::.writebacks      1940276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::total         1940276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.writebacks      1940276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu00.inst    752827043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu00.data    312384417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total      1067151736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts                  524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts                 130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1            2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2           33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3           33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7           23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8           19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9          119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10           30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11           24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12           17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13           10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0           15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4            4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5           12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6           18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7           18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9           27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11            3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12            2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat                 4538000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat               2620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat           14363000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                 8660.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           27410.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits                 421                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits                108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            80.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate           83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples          119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   337.747899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   215.360682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   327.709106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127           30     25.21%     25.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255           33     27.73%     52.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383           22     18.49%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511            7      5.88%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639            4      3.36%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      2.52%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      1.68%     84.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      2.52%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15     12.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total          119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead                 33536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten               8320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW             1016.704563                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW              252.235865                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    9.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                7.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               80.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy          435540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy          216315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy        2120580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy        464580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 2458560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy     14748750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy       246240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy      20690565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   627.271942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE       528750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF      1040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT     31416250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy          456960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy          235290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy        1620780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy        214020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 2458560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy     14923740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy        98880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy      20008230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   606.585721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE       146250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF      1040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT     31798750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                63                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               63                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          941                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          324                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1265                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        35392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        10368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   45760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.196309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     527     95.99%     95.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      22      4.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::20                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::21                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::22                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::23                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::24                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     32985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2052250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
