
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                   36945000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 236692                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 762548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   271867                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              985425991                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        8852                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         10188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000037                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    36945000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                            1831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                      8852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                       10188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                          73890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             73889.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads              34812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes              5995                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts         1326                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                       346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                8856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                       8856                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads             14521                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes             6081                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                      1483                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                        3095                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                     1612                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                42                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes               13                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                    7128     69.26%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                     48      0.47%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               21      0.20%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     69.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1483     14.41%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                  1612     15.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                    10292                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  13                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           78                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           485                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu00.data         2813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total            2813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu00.data         2835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total           2835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu00.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu00.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      8193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      8193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu00.data         2959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu00.data         2992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.049341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.052473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 56116.438356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56116.438356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 52184.713376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52184.713376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      7938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      8614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.048665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.051136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data        55125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 56300.653595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56300.653595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu00.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu00.data           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      4739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu00.data         1401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.059243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 57096.385542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57096.385542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu00.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      4547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.057816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 56135.802469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56135.802469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu00.data         1495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu00.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      3454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu00.data         1558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.040436                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040436                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 54825.396825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54825.396825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data      3391000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3391000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.040436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 53825.396825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53825.396825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu00.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu00.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu00.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data       676000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       676000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 75111.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75111.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu00.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           89.295982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               3024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.764706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           148000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu00.data    89.295982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu00.data     0.087203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.087203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.147461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             6209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses            6209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu00.inst        10193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           10193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu00.inst        10193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          10193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     15045500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15045500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     15045500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15045500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu00.inst        10457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        10457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu00.inst        10457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        10457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.025246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.025246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 56990.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56990.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 56990.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56990.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     14781500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14781500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     14781500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14781500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.025246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.025246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 55990.530303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55990.530303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 55990.530303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55990.530303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                    66                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu00.inst        10193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          10193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     15045500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15045500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu00.inst        10457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.025246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 56990.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56990.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst     14781500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14781500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.025246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 55990.530303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55990.530303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          115.630994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.609848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu00.inst   115.630994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu00.inst     0.451684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.451684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            21178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           21178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu0.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu0.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu1.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu1.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.thread_0.numInsts                      0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu10.thread_0.numOps                        0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu10.thread_0.numMemRefs                    0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.instHits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.instMisses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.readHits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.readMisses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.writeHits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.writeMisses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.inserts                            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlbMva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                    0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flushTlbAsid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flushedEntries                     0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.alignFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetchFaults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domainFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.permsFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.readAccesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.writeAccesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.instAccesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.thread_0.numInsts                      0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu11.thread_0.numOps                        0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu11.thread_0.numMemRefs                    0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu2.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu2.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu3.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu3.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu4.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu4.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu5.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu5.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu6.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu6.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu7.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu7.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu8.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu8.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.dtb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.dtb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.dtb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.dtb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.dtb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.dtb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.dtb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.dtb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.dtb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.itb.instHits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.itb.instMisses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.itb.readHits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.itb.readMisses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.itb.writeHits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.itb.writeMisses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.itb.inserts                             0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlbMva                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.itb.flushTlbAsid                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.itb.flushedEntries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.itb.alignFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.prefetchFaults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.itb.domainFaults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.permsFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.readAccesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.itb.writeAccesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.itb.instAccesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.itb.hits                                0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.itb.misses                              0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.itb.accesses                            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.itb.walker.walks                        0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.thread_0.numInsts                       0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu9.thread_0.numOps                         0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu9.thread_0.numMemRefs                     0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        63.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu00.inst::samples       258.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu00.data::samples       151.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000022002750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                 887                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                 30                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         417                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         63                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       417                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       63                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      8                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   417                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   63                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean            190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    119.146968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    209.303607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   26688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 4032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    722.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    109.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      36931000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76939.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu00.inst        16512                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu00.data         9664                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteBytes::.writebacks         2048                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu00.inst 446934632.561916351318                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu00.data 261578021.383137106895                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteRate::.writebacks 55433752.875896602869                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu00.inst          264                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu00.data          153                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks           63                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu00.inst      6548750                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu00.data      3819000                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteTotalLat::.writebacks    161356250                       # Per-requestor write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu00.inst     24805.87                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu00.data     24960.78                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2561210.32                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu00.inst        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu00.data         9792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total         26688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu00.inst        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::total           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu00.inst          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu00.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total            417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::.writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::total             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu00.inst    457328461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu00.data    265042631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total        722371092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu00.inst    457328461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total    457328461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::.writebacks      1732305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::total         1732305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.writebacks      1732305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu00.inst    457328461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu00.data    265042631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total       724103397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts                  409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts                  32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0           36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2           26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3           21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4           42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5           31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7           15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8           11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9          105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10           30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11           19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12           11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13           10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2            5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5            3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6            4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat                 2699000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat               2045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat           10367750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                 6599.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           25349.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits                 317                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits                 27                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            77.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate           84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   291.636364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.164588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   293.983586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127           25     28.41%     28.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255           24     27.27%     55.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383           18     20.45%     76.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511            6      6.82%     82.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639            1      1.14%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      2.27%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      4.55%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.14%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      7.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total           88                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead                 26176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten               2048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW              708.512654                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW               55.433753                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    5.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                5.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               78.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy          314160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy          148005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy        1549380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy        161820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 2458560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy     16017000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy       698880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy      21347805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   577.826634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE      1708750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF      1040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT     34196250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy          378420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy          185955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy        1370880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy          5220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 2458560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy     16490670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy       300000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy      21189705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   573.547300                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE       670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF      1040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT     35235000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           66                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                63                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               63                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            90                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          594                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          308                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    902                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        21120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port         9856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   30976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035971                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.186442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     402     96.40%     96.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      15      3.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::20                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::21                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::22                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::23                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::24                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     36945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              756500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1404250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             815750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
